---
layout: post
title: "My rig."
date: 2015-02-13T06:24:33-05:00
---

I'm not sure how to start this blog, so I figured I'd go with an intro post outlining my daily driver: all the tools I use every day to write code.

Without further ado, here's the hardware.

* **Machine**: A 15" Retina MacBook Pro, clamshelled with a Cinema display.
* **Keyboard**: a blank, black tenkeyless WASD with Brown switches and a red Escape keycap.
	* **Layout**: Colemak, since about 2012.
* **Mouse**: Logitech's laser trackball (M570).

But what is an engineer without software:

* **OS**: X, Yosemite.
* **Browser**: Safari. #datiCloudintegration
* **Editor**: Sublime Text 3. Coming off of PyCharm.

As it turns out, I am enjoying the simplicity and performance of a text editor over an IDE, as much as I love JetBrains' stuff in general.

[Atom](http://atom.io/) has also caught my eye, but Sublime is certainly more mature. And it looks like a future switch to Atom would be pretty low-overhead, coming from Sublime.

* **Highlighting**: Tomorrow Night. Thanks to Mike from Coder Radio for name-dropping this at one point.
* **Font**: [Proggy Tiny](http://www.proggyfonts.net). Discovered via Jeff Atwood's 'Progamming Fonts' (sic) blog post.
* **Spacing**: Tabs, 2-wide. Yes, it's a pain to space-align continuations--maybe Sublime has a plugin that would do this?--but I like the fact that tabs are a cleaner abstraction for an indent level. Also, another guy on the team prefers 4-wide, so we can accomodate both of us without needing to compromise. Everyone wins.

Stack:

* **Languages**: [6to5](http://6to5.org)-flavored ES6 and Python 2.7. I would love to go full-stack JS, I think.
* **Build**: Gulp.
* **Module loader**: [RequireJS](http://requirejs.org). Thinking of moving to Browserify or Webpack. Maybe the latter on account of what a Facebook open-source fanboy I'm becoming. React-y projects seem to lean towards Webpack.
* **Killer frameworks**: Express, React, D3. Regenerator (via 6to5).

I'm considering moving to io.js from Node, as well, but it's tough to distill the pros and cons of each from the discussions I've found around on the net.

This post has been more historical record than informational or educational, unfortunately. I intend to shoot for the latter in general. We'll see how close I get.
